c1:Collision I - Basic
c2:Collision II - Advanced
f1:Fluff I - Ouch
f2:Fluff II - Glasses
i1:Treasure I - Key
i2:Treasure II - Finish
i3:Treasure III - Potion
i4:Treasure IV - Coin
i5:Treasure V - Better Potion
l1:Level I
l2:Level II
l3:Level III
m1:Movement I - Horizontal
m2:Movement II - Friction
m3:Movement III - Gravity
p1:Platform I - Base
p2:Platform II - Four Sided
p3:Platform III - Pattern
p4:Platform IV - Moving
s1:Sprite I - Origin
s2:Sprite II - Image
s3:Sprite III - Direction
t1:Transition I - Levels
t2:Transition II - Title
t3:Transition III - Timer
v1:Vitality I - Health
v2:Vitality II - Reincarnation
x1:Monster I - Stationary
x2:Monster II - Roaming
x3:Monster III - Animate
x4:Monster IV - Projectile
z1:*Challenge I
